Closes issues 63, 89 and 93 (#92)
dida-do/eurocropsml: docs/examples.md

| `base_name` | Base name of the split configuration, used when creating and saving the splits. |
| `data_dir` | Folder inside the data directory where pre-processed data is stored. | 
| `random_seed` | Random seed used for generating training-testing-splits and further random numbers. |

> | `num_samples` | Number of samples per class used for the fine-tuning subsets. The default will create the shots currently present on [Zenodo](https://zenodo.org/records/15095445) for the training set. It will samples 1000 samples for validation and keep all available data from the test set. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `num_samples` | Number of samples per class used for the fine-tuning subsets. The default will create the shots currently present on [Zenodo](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.15095445) for the training set. It will sample 1000 samples for validation and keep all available data from the test set. |
```

Reviewer: I replaced the URL by the latest doi.
